comparison of armored skin of an armadillo
scales he is galina or with coarse too and
Indian elephant thin epidermis
which covers our body can
seem not very reliable protection from
the world around us but all we need
make a closer look at ours
silky smooth skin to make sure
what is this scaly armor just
very small it is formed by protein
keratin- leaving skin composition of lizards and
other animals of course our skin
much thinner and more delicate
but usually this is not a problem because we
no need to survive in such conditions
also our scales don't need to be very
strong because our body every day
updates layer of tens of millions
scales scale endless process
production of this armor occurs
thanks to the same gigantic and
countless army of skin cells under
epidermis every second more than 500
new cells are created in the cart process
stem cells in the lower layer
epidermis and they join this
army gradually migrates surface
skin because young cells are pushing them
up and travel to the surface one
from the types of self-sacrifice to create
protective barrier between us and the world
each cell is programmed
destroy yourself upon reaching
skin surface
using enzymes to destroy it
vital parts as a result
forming a solid flat honor and
process it is attached by likeness
antennae to adjacent cells and highlights
portion of fat to fill the space
between them the outer layer of the skin consists of
15 layers of scaly cellular network
thick with plastic wrap is yours
flexible armor is also waterproof
is surprisingly effective
barrier to bacteria and
fungi and viruses and other unfriendly
intruders while acidity
fat does not give annoying microbes
breed on the surface of the skin
covering the shop of course the skin is fine
works protecting us from microscopic
threats but still our brains they later
works like pangolin scales
helping us not to feed lions